MASSIVE OPEN ONLINE COURSE

Massive open online course is where people attend to an online course
aimed to develop their skills online without or minimizing the need of going to an actual school to
learn the needs and skills of an individual. They are usually using video demonstration, assigments, 
forums, and readings for the use of Massive open online courses.

Massive open online courses are known for Good and Bad Categories:

	Good Side:

- reachable 		(Anyone with a good connection can access or enroll to these online courses. 
			unlike a regular school where you need transporation to geto to, depending on the location.
			On Massive open online course, you only need is a good wifi or connection and then you are ready to
			open or to learn on an online course)

- different pacing 	(people who enrolled the online course can choose which time they feel to
			learn the topics. they dont had to worry about learning the topic at a fixed or schedule 
			like a normal school would, they dont have to worry about waking up at 7:30am for an example, 
			students will almost never had to worry about being late or not in a mood
			of learning a skill because or sudden or personal issues.)

- Vareity of courses	(Students can choose which course they could attend and to participate they are most likely
			interested, they can enroll the course whenever they want without any step-backs and they dont need to rearrange schedules
			unlike a school/campus where you only had to choose 1 course because of how difficult shifting a course when you realize
			that course is not your ideal course, MOOC lets you choose a variety of courses without the worry of doing extra steps and
			requirments into trying to shift.)

- cost-efficient	(Unlike a school or campus which costs alot by transportation, tuition, daily needs, resources, ect.
			an online course is not as expensive as schools and campuses.
			they dont need physical resources such as a classroom.
			This is one of the categories MOOC is known for, it reduces the cost of physical requirments in order to learn the valuable
			skills needed to an individual.

- Population 		(Unlike a school where the capacity is limited due to infastructure, geographic location issues, size of the campus/school and
			the possible lack of assigned teachers in the school or campus, an online course
			does not need that kind of limitation and can enroll from thousands or even millions
			because of how large the capacity the internet is and online courses can hire teachers on a different location
			more specifically, different countries. MOOC bypasses the geographic location issues by hiring teachers by using the
			internet.) 

-Learn at home		(this is similar to reachable, MOOC lets you to learn the skills and utilities at home. unlike a school where you need transportation,
			MOOC lets you to learn the course anywhere, specifically learning at home.)

	
	
	Bad Side:


Procrastinate		(While learning at a different pace is a blessing for other students, sometimes it can be a drawback. People tend to procrastinate
			because of lack of dicipline, huge avalability or free time that gives students to procrastinate until almost due time
			or sometimes, lack of interest While having a lot of free time is good,if there is no dicipine to yourself, your free time can also be
			a huge problem especially knowing the deadline is almost due. This is one of the huge known reasons MOOC
			is a disadvantage to learning.)


Not Everyone Has A Decent Connection
			
			(While MOOC is available for people on the internet, that does not mean it is available to anyone in the internet.
			MOOC needs mobile data or an internet connection to access the information or lessons to students. an example of a scenario
			where students dont have internet connection is the pandemic era. Most users including 3rd world countries have the slowest
			connection, this results into students not be able to learn their topics, lessons and assigned course properly and efficiently.


No Physical Social Contact
		
			(some students tend to participate in school/campus is not because of academics or events. its because of their social relationships
			between people especially friends, sometimes even their person of interest. School/Campus is not only a place of studying but also a place of
			social gatherings which makes a school or campus a memorable experience. unlike MOOC which does not have the capability of social gatherings. 
			while video calls, messaging or doing online group activities makes up the lack of social gathering, it does not fully replace the experience in
			social gatherings on a school or campus.




			



examples of a massive open online course :

Khan Academy:

Khan Academy creates a set of online tools that help to learn and educate students efficiently
it gives short video lessons and text modules. Its website also includes supplementary practice exercises and materials for educators.


Skillshare:

Skillshare is a learning community for creators. people can learn from online class, watch video lessons, create projects, and even teach a class themselves. It
offers a wide range of courses across various subjects, primarily focused on creative skills, business, technology, and hobbies.


Coursera:


Coursera is an online learning platform featuring many different subjects across an array of learning formats, such as courses, Specializations, Professional Certificates, 
degrees, and tutorials. Over 300 leading universities and companies provide instruction on Coursera, including Stanford, 
Duke, Illinois, University of Colorado Boulder, Google, IBM, Microsoft, and Meta.





How would you compare the efficiency and significance of using these technologies in everyday life?

The effeciency of Online Courses in everyday life is huge, because of how people use the internet in our daily lives.
online courses are now the new way of learning because of how accessable it is. we can learn various topics by only
using a screen and a decent connection.


Would this technology be worth investing in the Philippines? Why or why not?

In our opinion, No. Because of the current situation in the Phillipines in terms
of economics, we are struggling to manage a decent status in our economics, focusing on online 
courses would split the budget and not only that, because of how slow the Philippine's wifi is.
Focusing on online course would also need to focus on connection related problems.

What possible innovation or future trend can you predict that involves this technology?


The possible trend in this technology is that VR and AR technology will be involved in MOOC.
Utilizing VR and AR will make the process of MOOC revolutionary. AI would be involved in making
personalized online courses and the possibility of finding a suitable job because of online courses
would arise. 


Do tech giants innovate devices because society needs them, or do the devices themselves create the need?

both.
Some people in the society often rely on MOOC while others are not dependent on MOOC or they are only focusing on
hobbies related like music, digital arts, ect, in this case. because of how MOOC became a huge factor to society
because of how easy it is to access the courses, Tech Giants makes MOOC into one of their focus because of society's attention and
amount of usage of using MOOC. 



reference:

https://drexel.edu/soe/resources/student-teaching/advice/benefits-of-online-and-virtual-learning/

https://www.montgomerycollege.edu/academics/online-learning/distance/advantages-and-disadvantages-online-courses.html

https://www.skillshare.com/en/

https://www.coursera.org/

https://www.khanacademy.org/






